I’ve got this grudge.
I’m holding it in.
But it’s so heavy;
it pulls me down.
I wish I could
turn this around.
I understand
the need to forgive,
But it’s not easy
if it’s not my fault.
These thoughts
bring forgiveness to a halt.
It’s right about now
that I have to pray.
Jehovah saw what happened;
he knows my pain.
But most of all
he gives me
Strength to let it go.
No, I can’t do this
on my own.
I pray, “Jehovah, please help me;
Help me forgive freely.”
He’ll help me to reflect
The way he forgives, the way he forgets.
I pray, “Jehovah, please help me;
Help me forgive freely.”
Forgive freely.
Trying my best
to let it all go,
But at times,
it comes back to mind.
I wish I could put
all this behind.
I realize
that I can’t hold on.
Forgiveness means
you don’t bring it back up.
This only gets me
in a rut.
It’s right about now
that I have to pray.
Jehovah saw what happened;
he knows my pain.
But most of all
he gives me
Strength to let it go.
No, I can’t do this
on my own.
I pray, “Jehovah, please help me;
Help me forgive freely.”
He’ll help me to reflect
The way he forgives, the way he forgets.
I pray, “Jehovah, please help me;
Help me forgive freely.”
Forgive freely.